Dawn Abriel: Is
Dawn Abriel: April.
Dawn Abriel: Night.
Dawn Abriel: Hi, are you, Samantha.
Dawn Abriel: I don't hear you yet.
LG Stylo 4: Hi, I'm just trying to figure out how to unmute my my their phone.
Dawn Abriel: You did that now you need you, you're unmuted now you need to get back on video.
LG Stylo 4: Okay, let's go back.
LG Stylo 4: Okay, here we go.
LG Stylo 4: Okay, so
Dawn Abriel: The next time you get on your phone and you log into zoom. There's a place that says LG stylo for
Dawn Abriel: Yes, put your name in there.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, because
Dawn Abriel: All of our notes get transcribed and they need to give you credit for having shown up so you're asked to appear.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, great. I'm I'm Dr brielle I'm finishing up with my last patient. So hold on just a minute.
LG Stylo 4: Absolutely, I'm here.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, you are yet right on time. Okay. Cute.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, I think I've got everything and I just need to order his medicine. Usually, I have a little time, but he was really late so
Dawn Abriel: I kind of crammed it in. I couldn't
Dawn Abriel: visit with him at all. I had to just
Dawn Abriel: Jam in the session.
Dawn Abriel: So it threw me off a bit
LG Stylo 4: Understand
Dawn Abriel: So, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, six days.
Dawn Abriel: For more button pushes and I'm with you.
LG Stylo 4: I'm here.
Dawn Abriel: For
Dawn Abriel: Dope. Now let me
Dawn Abriel: Get into my
Dawn Abriel: Chart opened up. I started it earlier, just in case this happens. So it saves a little time when I can.
Dawn Abriel: Open it up. You live in Albuquerque.
LG Stylo 4: I do. Yeah.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: I am so I have to put in a little justification here for why you don't come up and see me.
LG Stylo 4: I actually don't have a driver's license.
Dawn Abriel: Oh, good. No driver's license. Okay. And the last time you had any opioid
LG Stylo 4: I'm today.
Dawn Abriel: About what time
LG Stylo 4: 9am
Dawn Abriel: And what was that
LG Stylo 4: It was 40 milligrams of oxycodone
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And what's your daily dose of axes.
LG Stylo 4: I'm her. I mean, usually I can only afford to do it once a day, but it's usually about 6070
Dawn Abriel: That helps me know how much Suboxone to put you on
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And were you ever an IV drug user
Know,
Dawn Abriel: So it's just the short acting opioids, you never got into heroin snorting using heroin.
Dawn Abriel: And no fit no fentanyl
No.
Dawn Abriel: You are so lucky.
LG Stylo 4: I'm a, I guess, I guess I have certain. I mean, I definitely have anxiety. You know, so maybe so my obsessive compulsive stuff.
Dawn Abriel: Isn't that weird
Dawn Abriel: Yeah yeah
Dawn Abriel: Any overdoses.
No.
Dawn Abriel: No history of overdose no medical complications from the axes and no legal issues.
Dawn Abriel: No. All right.
Dawn Abriel: Did your life kind of turn into thinking about the drug doing the drug getting the drug being all about the drug.
LG Stylo 4: Well, I mean, I think the worst part is that just not feeling normal ever. You know, I'm like, I can't wake up at normal. You know, it's
LG Stylo 4: It's just physically impossible for me so I well um it's a long, it's a long drawn out story. I'm sure the whole edition, but uh recently.
LG Stylo 4: Just because of the coven and everything. My, my husband and I got laid off from our jobs and we're doing unemployment and, you know,
LG Stylo 4: Snap and we got Medicaid, which is how I'm doing this. Um, but I just figured, you know, I'm out of a job. I'm stuck in my house when could be the more perfect time to try to attack this problem.
Dawn Abriel: Absolutely. Let us help you
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, and I will tell you that you will never be able to afford the quality of therapy, you're going to get with bright heart health because of being on Medicaid, this is, this is the ideal time to kind of get done with life issues get
Dawn Abriel: Get that
LG Stylo 4: were dancing.
LG Stylo 4: And I mean, I've got so it's getting ridiculous. I mean, I've done therapy throughout my life at certain points, but it feels pretty ridiculous for me to be at 42 and like just this past year I just cut my mom out of my life because she's so toxic and like manipulative
Dawn Abriel: Hello. Yeah.
LG Stylo 4: Yeah, it was. It's hard. I mean, a lot of people don't understand it but
LG Stylo 4: I can't deal with her anymore.
Dawn Abriel: And but I didn't do it until I was 50
LG Stylo 4: Oh ok so
Dawn Abriel: You're, you're ahead of the schedule.
LG Stylo 4: But, uh, yeah. So I'm really excited about trying to work. I mean, I don't have coping skills. There's a lot of stuff. I just didn't learn growing up, you know,
Dawn Abriel: Yes.
LG Stylo 4: And I just made my way by being sort of intelligent, you know, being able to tell what people are thinking and stuff and
Dawn Abriel: Yet, here's the weird thing a people who had early childhood trauma, if they can make their way out and I'm one of those um
Dawn Abriel: You know, decades of therapy thousands and thousands of dollars and I feel pretty good about myself at this point in life.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, and going into therapy. I was a doctor for many years and then got a degree in in 30 and
Dawn Abriel: When I found out was that I'm really good at reading people right because I had to be careful of alcoholic fathers and crazy mother and
Dawn Abriel: Right, right.
Dawn Abriel: It's it's it's a talent that
LG Stylo 4: Like you're reading what for me, it was my mom. It was reading
LG Stylo 4: What I was what I could say or not say or
LG Stylo 4: If I could say anything at all without. Yep.
Dawn Abriel: Yep. So you'll see that it's a, it's a, there is a little silver lining there.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, yeah. Okay, let me get through this here. How old were you when you used any kind of illicit drug even marijuana
LG Stylo 4: Oh, that would have been 14. That was the first
LG Stylo 4: Marijuana. Yes.
Dawn Abriel: And the first
Dawn Abriel: Opioid Use
LG Stylo 4: That would have been. I wouldn't really count, like I was in, I was in a car accident when I was 14 and they had me on a drip, but I really, really count that because I didn't have control of it.
LG Stylo 4: Um, so I would say the first time was in relation to having a sense of cervix biopsy and they take a loop and kind of take the top of this ever talked about and it wouldn't stop bleeding I later found out my my doctor was a drunk.
LG Stylo 4: But it wouldn't stop bleeding add to go back to the hospital. They put some kind of silver something on it and they give me some pain medication that was probably the first time.
Dawn Abriel: And how old were you
LG Stylo 4: I would have been 17
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: Has the drug use route resulted in loss of relationship or work issues.
LG Stylo 4: Not so much. I'm a role functional. I mean, honestly, it sounds so lame. But like the thing that I've used oxy codeine for for this past 1520 years beyond just needing it to Phil normal is to be able to work harder.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, so I believe you. And is this the first program you've been in
LG Stylo 4: No. Um, let's see, spin over six years now, but I did do methadone here in Albuquerque. And I was able to successfully get off of methadone unfortunately later I ended up going back to taking oxycodone
LG Stylo 4: Yeah.
LG Stylo 4: But the lady there so that I could really well.
LG Stylo 4: She said she's at the end. I guess I didn't have any dirty drug tests or whatever. And so her and other counselors came out and clapped. For me, my last
Dawn Abriel: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: And how much
Dawn Abriel: Therapy, did you get through that program.
LG Stylo 4: Some but to be honest it. A lot of it probably wasn't super helpful because a lot of it was because of me because I was still
LG Stylo 4: My father was super abusive physically abusive and like, like you're straight up kind of abusive like your kicker.
LG Stylo 4: And my mom was my mom's highly intelligent and manipulative abusive and so at that point when I was going to that program. My mom was still a big part of my life and I hadn't even started talking about the fact that she wasn't a great parrot. I was like, oh, my mom's my champion, you know,
My dad right
Dawn Abriel: It was the bad guy. Yeah, yeah. So
Dawn Abriel: In in addiction medicine we get that aspect we we understand that when people have had, we call them the adverse childhood experiences.
Dawn Abriel: When there are more than four of those in your background, when people take an opioid their first experiences are wow I'm not worrying. I'm not emotionally troubled I THIS FEELS GOOD.
Dawn Abriel: Who wouldn't want to be that emotional pain.
Dawn Abriel: Really. Exactly. And that's why we refer to it as a brain disease. We don't
Dawn Abriel: We don't call addiction, a matter of willpower, or you're a moral and there's something wrong with you. We recognize it. It's a brain disease and it starts with the brain disease of abuse and neglect. Yeah.
LG Stylo 4: So I have some other. I don't know if they're. I don't know if they're if they're chemical or or or what but been diagnosed. And again, I don't know how accurate diagnosis are
LG Stylo 4: But, uh, been diagnosed with generalized anxiety disorder borderline personality disorder and
LG Stylo 4: What was the most complex post traumatic disorder. Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: I believe it. What's your stress level right now, mild, moderate, or severe
LG Stylo 4: Well, honestly, talking to you. It's made him better. Um, I mean, but in general, it's Hi. I was laid off from my job, um, because of this coven I realistically, the job that I had. It was like one of the last jobs like this that existed as a copy editor for a newspaper
LG Stylo 4: I'm probably not going to come back. I, I know I can do other things. And I can you know move around and gig economy and stuff like that. But I think everybody's feeling a lot of stress right now. So I would put myself at least an eight seven or eight
Dawn Abriel: Okay and so besides economical and occupational any educational health primary support legal problems relationships, social, what other stressors.
LG Stylo 4: I mean, my husband. I said the only the only like really core relationship in my life right now, which may or may not be. He is my husband, he's really supportive. He's I love him. Totally. But he gets frustrated with me for
LG Stylo 4: A good reason.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, let's put that in there just so that the the therapist will go through this much more extensively
LG Stylo 4: And I'm
Dawn Abriel: Sorry, did and how
LG Stylo 4: I manipulate him. I learned from my mom. So I manipulate right
Dawn Abriel: Right, okay.
Dawn Abriel: And I'm sorry to be rushing, but I have
Dawn Abriel: Group right after
Dawn Abriel: Us. No, no, I
LG Stylo 4: I totally hear you. And it's, it's also the I'm not normally like this. It's the the shot in coven thing like I was talking to someone yesterday to
Dawn Abriel: A human being. Let me talk to her.
Dawn Abriel: Right.
LG Stylo 4: It's really a nice guide one. Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: So, do you know what your blood type is
LG Stylo 4: You know, I don't. I was just thinking about that I should, but I don't
Dawn Abriel: Most people don't
Dawn Abriel: And so I need to. I'm going to read through a list of medical problems, stop me if any of them apply to you.
Dawn Abriel: Any head trauma.
Dawn Abriel: In your eye, your nose or throat diseases, any respiratory asthma chronic pneumonias any bone, muscle or joint problems thyroid
Dawn Abriel: Diabetes anemia cancer, HIV sexually transmitted diseases or ever tested positive for tuberculosis new rashes, or new moles epilepsy seizure severe headaches stroke bipolar depression hallucinations or delusions.
LG Stylo 4: Lists, which one
LG Stylo 4: Depression. I mean, but
Dawn Abriel: Gotcha depression and suicidal thoughts are, I
Dawn Abriel: Attempts
LG Stylo 4: To meet
Suicide.
Dawn Abriel: Terrorists. Oh, that's a good one. Okay.
LG Stylo 4: Good gallbladder.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, apparently.
Dawn Abriel: Gallbladder.
LG Stylo 4: I do have that I, it seems like it's under control, they did the scam. They said, either get your gallbladder out change how you eat, you won't change. Are you read I changed oh eight so
Dawn Abriel: Okay seems great
Dawn Abriel: And hemorrhoids hepatitis ulcers, your bladder and kidneys work normally and you don't have chronic seasonal rhinitis infection infected sinuses dentures. You were not born with a heart murmur no high blood pressure or
LG Stylo 4: Blood clots, or I have high blood pressure, but it is treated with
LG Stylo 4: Lisinopril in Hydra for advice. I
Dawn Abriel: Guess I'll ask I'll ask you your medicines and just a minute. Anything that you have that I haven't asked you about
LG Stylo 4: Of endometriosis.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, guys, it's, it's so I have. Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: It seems like
Dawn Abriel: Sure been abused by their father.
Dawn Abriel: They had endometriosis. Mm hmm.
Dawn Abriel: It's just so
LG Stylo 4: I've got that one.
That
LG Stylo 4: One.
Dawn Abriel: Uh huh.
LG Stylo 4: And removed a bunch of the extra yeah
Dawn Abriel: Right, okay.
Dawn Abriel: Let's see if I can find that was like
Dawn Abriel: 18 well
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, so you had an endometrial ablation.
Dawn Abriel: They go in and
Dawn Abriel: Try to
LG Stylo 4: Yeah, we
Dawn Abriel: Try to find it.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah. Yeah, exactly.
Dawn Abriel: And but you have your tonsils in your gallbladder and your appendix.
Dawn Abriel: Okay. No other surgeries.
Dawn Abriel: Do you have your wisdom teeth.
Dawn Abriel: They took those out.
LG Stylo 4: I have three or have one of them have one of them. That's
Dawn Abriel: Interesting. Okay.
LG Stylo 4: I guess where is they just haven't taken it out or it's not bothering anything
Dawn Abriel: Maybe it hasn't come on
LG Stylo 4: A lot but
LG Stylo 4: Yeah, it's just like in a weird place.
LG Stylo 4: I've had a lot of other dental trauma, because I have TMJ, and
copywriting
Dawn Abriel: Is your mother alive.
Dawn Abriel: And oh, crush. Yes. Is she in good health.
Dawn Abriel: Does she have any addiction problems. He has
LG Stylo 4: She doesn't have any addiction problems. She has she is a double of breast cancer survivors are really need to get on that mystic to me. I mean, the, what do you call it the mammogram at the second
Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: And your father. Is he alive.
He is
Dawn Abriel: And is he in good health.
LG Stylo 4: As far as I know. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: No addiction problems.
Dawn Abriel: Any
Dawn Abriel: Siblings the drinks.
LG Stylo 4: Yes, one
LG Stylo 4: A brother. He's younger than me, brother.
Dawn Abriel: Live in hell.
LG Stylo 4: Yes.
He lives where
LG Stylo 4: He lives right near my mom in Huntsville Texas.
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: Do you smoke cigarettes.
LG Stylo 4: Unfortunately, that's where I'm going. I tried it once I get this out of the way, I'd like to try to attack that too. Sure.
LG Stylo 4: Well, let me tell you.
Dawn Abriel: I've tried to be easier.
Dawn Abriel: To do it while you're in
Dawn Abriel: The upper north in
Dawn Abriel: That being on the buprenorphine makes it easier to stop smoking. Yeah.
LG Stylo 4: Wow, so
LG Stylo 4: I mean, I've done it. I probably about 40 times so
LG Stylo 4: Far
LG Stylo 4: And I'm not a good thing, winning so
Dawn Abriel: That's okay. You know, you never know which one's gonna gonna stick and maybe it'll be this one, you get the support you need and make the behavioral changes. This might
Dawn Abriel: This might be it right and it certainly you know i mean
Dawn Abriel: We have about, well, it seems to be under estimated about 66,000 people die from overdose of opioids in this country every year.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, but keep that number in mind.
Dawn Abriel: We have 450,000 die from tobacco related illnesses every year 450,000
LG Stylo 4: So, yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Tobacco tobacco. Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: So,
Dawn Abriel: Tell me about alcohol.
LG Stylo 4: In you, and it's definitely affecting my, my, like, I can't you know exercise as long or as hard or even
Dawn Abriel: Walking, just like that. Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Did you tell me how old you were when you started
LG Stylo 4: Smoking
LG Stylo 4: I oh smoking i know i i started smoking when I was probably the same time 14
LG Stylo 4: Yeah I not a you know a pack a day. But then I was
LG Stylo 4: I was sneaking them.
LG Stylo 4: But yes, the only time I've successfully quit smoking. I got pregnant and high school and I did adoption. Um, and I quit. From the time I knew I was pregnant, the time by delivered as soon as my legs were working with other women you know
Dawn Abriel: Right, right. Well, at least you gave that child a fighting chance of having a good life.
Dawn Abriel: Bravo for you.
LG Stylo 4: Yeah, no, kept in touch very healthy.
Dawn Abriel: Oh wonderful and drinking alcohol.
LG Stylo 4: For you, not at all. I haven't drunk at least six or seven years at all.
Dawn Abriel: Did you ever. Were you ever a heavy drinker.
LG Stylo 4: I drank a lot. I would say I was it when I lived in Austin. I went out a lot and I was one of the binge drinkers. I mean, when I started drinking. I just kept drinking and eventually I saw a video of myself drunk.
LG Stylo 4: And
LG Stylo 4: Then I quit.
Dawn Abriel: You know, I have often said to family members videotape them when they're drunk.
Dawn Abriel: It does make a difference. Some people really wake up.
LG Stylo 4: I did not want to be that person. I did not want no yeah that was, yeah.
LG Stylo 4: Like the party Gremlins.
Then
Dawn Abriel: Again, we in our brains we register physical pain in the same place as emotional pain.
Dawn Abriel: Emotional Pain hurts. We we perceive it as an ache.
Dawn Abriel: And getting drunk relieves that pain.
Dawn Abriel: So whatever drug. Yeah.
LG Stylo 4: He's a fan of socially acceptable, which is
A right
Dawn Abriel: That's right. So do you eat healthy meals.
LG Stylo 4: I'm working on it more. I definitely too much junk food, but
LG Stylo 4: Actually just signed up for a CSA if it comes through.
LG Stylo 4: That should be a good test of trying to eat healthier.
Dawn Abriel: I do get regular exercise.
LG Stylo 4: I'm working on that. I'm taking walks. I'm we at. We just moved our exercise bicycle out to the backyard and my husband's been using it. So he's a really good role model for me in that sense. He's been getting out there.
LG Stylo 4: And really exercising, so I'm
Dawn Abriel: Going to work on.
Dawn Abriel: You have a household smoke detector.
LG Stylo 4: Yes.
Dawn Abriel: Okay. Do you keep any guns, guns in your house.
LG Stylo 4: No.
Dawn Abriel: Do you wear your seat belt.
Yes, always.
Dawn Abriel: And you are female, and you identify as female
LG Stylo 4: Correct.
Dawn Abriel: Do you use it. Did you ever use benzodiazepines Valium Xanax Ambien recreationally
LG Stylo 4: Oh well, I mean, it's hard to say. Yeah, definitely recreationally they were prescribed to me to for a long time.
LG Stylo 4: For a long, long time. I was taking five milligrams of Diazepam a day just to keep me at that level. But then all this research came out about how it might, you know, hurt your brain and
Dawn Abriel: Stuff you can't you can't learn your hippocampus is offline. So
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, man.
LG Stylo 4: It's, it's
LG Stylo 4: Based on what I felt when I took those especially Xanax Oh my. Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: They all do it. Actually, you were born and raised were
LG Stylo 4: In will a cultural Louisiana is and then Huntsville Texas.
Dawn Abriel: Where his couture bill.
LG Stylo 4: It's a it is north, Louisiana. It's about an hour from an hour south of Alexandria, Louisiana, or it's it's a really small town. It's like a one stop light 300
Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: I did my residency in New Orleans, and I went to all our legs. I did training all over the state as part of my residency.
LG Stylo 4: But
LG Stylo 4: I just hadn't heard LS you yeah
LG Stylo 4: Yeah, oh yeah, it's
Dawn Abriel: A weird place.
Dawn Abriel: Boy.
It was
Dawn Abriel: I besides my childhood trauma my training in Louisiana was the other biggest trauma.
Dawn Abriel: I had never experienced on the west coast.
Dawn Abriel: And I had never experienced real justice.
LG Stylo 4: And it was right.
LG Stylo 4: Oh, yes.
LG Stylo 4: Eight at my soul bizarre. Yeah. It's so crazy. I remember, that's one of the things as a kid. I remember first realizing like everybody in my family was so racist and I just didn't understand it.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah. And what really hurt me was I trained with some very intelligent
Dawn Abriel: Black
Dawn Abriel: Men and women.
Dawn Abriel: Middle upper middle class.
Dawn Abriel: And they were
Dawn Abriel: So gratuitously cruel.
Dawn Abriel: To the poor blacks.
Dawn Abriel: I couldn't wrap my head around it.
Dawn Abriel: Anyway,
Dawn Abriel: Here I oh and getting
LG Stylo 4: People don't pass
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, you have children. Oh yes, you have one adopted.
LG Stylo 4: Any others but but yeah but not know
Dawn Abriel: Okay, and how far did you go in school.
LG Stylo 4: I have one class left it. I need to take a math class that you and him to finish my degree there. So, for years, almost four years.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, and you your degree was in
LG Stylo 4: What I ended up doing was American Studies. I wanted to do English first, but I just fell in love with American Studies
LG Stylo 4: It, you know, it basically like pulls from all the different you know disciplines and allows you to use like historical and socio cultural and scientific and environmental and it just basically the last year was like the fun part.
LG Stylo 4: Basket Weaving, some people would call it, but
Dawn Abriel: Hold on a second, because I'm doing this. I can't open my 11 O'clock group. So I need to have someone else do it.
Dawn Abriel: Can't open. Got it.
Dawn Abriel: I'm gonna say to use my personal room before 96907
Dawn Abriel: Okay, and
Dawn Abriel: How about methamphetamine who's ever
LG Stylo 4: I tried it once.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah okay and cocaine.
LG Stylo 4: Know, um, I mean pretty much downers and and things like that have always been mind. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And have you continue to use marijuana
LG Stylo 4: I do and
LG Stylo 4: Apart from the smoking I, I'd really like to ultimately probably get my medical card because I think it has a lot of advantages for me.
Dawn Abriel: And what do you like to do for fun.
LG Stylo 4: I'm a, I will. I mean, I have to say I'm into stories like I i love to watch movies. I love to read
LG Stylo 4: In terms of like puzzles. I just downloaded a couple puzzles but are like board games where you like find as many words as you can.
LG Stylo 4: To keep myself busy.
Dawn Abriel: And you live with your husband.
LG Stylo 4: Yes. All right. And our army of small dogs.
Ah,
Dawn Abriel: OK.
LG Stylo 4: Oh yeah, we have three small dogs one big ones.
Dawn Abriel: So how old were you when you first started having periods.
LG Stylo 4: I think I was 13 the first the first time when I first name.
Dawn Abriel: And you've had a what your cervical biopsy was that positive
LG Stylo 4: No, they will. The first thing the when you call it the normal thing the Pap smear came back abnormal but when they did the leap. It was not
Dawn Abriel: Abnormal enough
Dawn Abriel: And how many times have you been pregnant.
Once
LG Stylo 4: Once was enough.
Dawn Abriel: Oh boy.
Dawn Abriel: Was was for me.
Dawn Abriel: Now I have to read a really long list of symptoms, but don't include any of them that are withdrawal symptoms, not that you're in withdrawal right now, but just don't include those so
Dawn Abriel: Fever, night sweats chills cold intolerance, fatigue, weight gain drinking alive, eating like red eyes double vision, blurred vision loss of vision changing vision changing hearing, hearing loss. Your drainage are ringing in your ears bloody nose chronic congestion.
Dawn Abriel: Change in store lips or mouse or tongue lumps in your neck stiffness of the neck or neck pain, difficulty breathing shortness of breath or a new coffee, chest pain.
Dawn Abriel: irregular heartbeat, not being able to breathe lying down swelling in your ankles or varicose veins, diarrhea, constipation, do you have constipation from the axes.
LG Stylo 4: I mean, yeah, but not beyond what I'm used to having
Dawn Abriel: Okay, vomiting, rectal pain, have not done mental pain painful urination blooding your urine pain a lot pain to little changing hair nail our skin texture new malls, muscle pain back pain tender points muscle cramps limp headaches.
Dawn Abriel: dizziness, lightheadedness fainting numbness, tingling weakness tremor lack of coordination difficulty speaking changing mood depression.
Dawn Abriel: Sadness interfering function.
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: And anxiety. That's a positive
Dawn Abriel: And sleep disturbance
LG Stylo 4: I have a hard time getting to sleep. Once I'm asleep, I'm asleep.
Dawn Abriel: Suicidal bots hopelessness delusions or hallucinations or easy breezy.
LG Stylo 4: Know, okay.
Dawn Abriel: And you're like, sin. Oh, whoops, that's not
LG Stylo 4: How you spell it. Yeah. Like, stand up, bro.
Dawn Abriel: 10 milligrams and forth by died.
LG Stylo 4: Yeah, the 25 milligrams
Dawn Abriel: Gotcha. Okay, anything else.
LG Stylo 4: About this, I take Zoloft, uh, I've been taking that for
LG Stylo 4: Like probably about 10 years now.
LG Stylo 4: I'm much 200,000,200 so they
Dawn Abriel: They come in.
Dawn Abriel: Don't have any further down
LG Stylo 4: In
LG Stylo 4: therapy, speech therapy.
LG Stylo 4: Yeah, exactly. And then maybe I can
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, then you would taper down on it. You can't just
Stop taking so long.
LG Stylo 4: Oh,
LG Stylo 4: Yeah, I haven't tried with Zoloft, but some other ones are trying to get off that's worse.
Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: And no allergies to medicines.
LG Stylo 4: Not that I know of.
Dawn Abriel: This question is meant for people with dementia you bathe yourself dress yourself feed yourself. Go to the bathroom by yourself and
Dawn Abriel: Go from one place to another. You know who you are, where you are. You make your own decisions you have memory that's appropriate to your edge and you can focus your attention and you can read
LG Stylo 4: Yes, you know how to
LG Stylo 4: Evolve within the parameters.
LG Stylo 4: What's that
Dawn Abriel: You know how to get your pulse.
LG Stylo 4: You know, I've never been able to do it like I know where you're supposed to take it, but
Dawn Abriel: Watch me. You have a muscle that goes from your jaw down to your neck right in front of that muscle. If you lightly touch in
Dawn Abriel: It's easier if you take your right hand and go to the left side of your neck there like that in front of the muscle, not on it.
Dawn Abriel: And you have to press lightly or you block it off. You feel the pulse.
LG Stylo 4: It's weird. I don't know. I'm just not good at it. I can feel that I'm alive.
Dawn Abriel: You feel the thump, thump.
LG Stylo 4: Oh yeah, OK.
Dawn Abriel: OK, I can feel that you start now.
Dawn Abriel: Stop the number
LG Stylo 4: I guess seven. That can't be right. Right. Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: No, that's normal.
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: How tall are you,
LG Stylo 4: I am five seven and a half.
Dawn Abriel: And your current weight.
LG Stylo 4: Um, I think it's been a while. Honestly, since I did, but should be around like 145 150 maybe
Dawn Abriel: So now we have to do a little physical exam. So you're going to get real close to the camera and you're going to pull your eyelid down so I can see under your eyelid.
LG Stylo 4: Under my eyelid like
Dawn Abriel: Here, you just gonna pull it down just one
Dawn Abriel: You're not
close enough to the camera. Oh.
Dawn Abriel: And your fingers too far away. I can't
Dawn Abriel: It has to be right under the island.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, now I see good let go pull back.
Let go.
Dawn Abriel: Make you know let go of your eyelid.
Dawn Abriel: Make your eyes go all the way to the right.
Dawn Abriel: Look Left.
Dawn Abriel: Up.
Dawn Abriel: And down.
Dawn Abriel: Okay look straight ahead. Breathe out of either side of your nose.
Dawn Abriel: You have to breathe out of either side of you knows one at
Dawn Abriel: A time
Dawn Abriel: Oh,
Okay, gotcha.
Dawn Abriel: Samantha.
LG Stylo 4: Have to hold one side. Breathe out of one side
Dawn Abriel: Hold the other side.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, the other side. Good.
Dawn Abriel: And open your mouth really wide Stick your tongue out at me.
Dawn Abriel: Move it side to side.
Dawn Abriel: Good. Close your mouth and bite down. Do you have job pain when you're at rest or is it mostly at night.
LG Stylo 4: It's mostly at night.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, and
Dawn Abriel: Can I see you swallow.
LG Stylo 4: Yes.
Dawn Abriel: Okay. Now put your ear to your shoulder either side.
Dawn Abriel: Good.
Dawn Abriel: And then, chin to shoulder either side.
Dawn Abriel: Then your head all the way back, and all the way forward.
Dawn Abriel: Take a deep breath.
Dawn Abriel: Good.
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: Can I see you pull on your fingers.
LG Stylo 4: Sure.
Dawn Abriel: This way.
Dawn Abriel: Cup them.
LG Stylo 4: And pull against. Oh, sorry. It's hard for me to do that. My glasses.
Dawn Abriel: Will put your glasses back on.
LG Stylo 4: There we go.
Dawn Abriel: And tap your fingers to your thumb.
Dawn Abriel: One at a time, tap
Dawn Abriel: Okay. And let me see you push on your belly upper right upper left lower right lower left, there's no lumps or bumps or pain when you do that.
LG Stylo 4: No.
Dawn Abriel: Good and show me your ankles.
Dawn Abriel: I need to see that there's no swelling in your ankles.
Dawn Abriel: That's good. Great.
Dawn Abriel: Perfect. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: So let's talk about the program.
Dawn Abriel: Um,
Dawn Abriel: Let's see, just put this in and
Dawn Abriel: So is there any reason why you couldn't come to Tuesday at noon.
Dawn Abriel: So that will put you in one of my groups. So every group has a doctor in the therapist.
Dawn Abriel: The therapist name is
LG Stylo 4: Glenn a year and
Dawn Abriel: One of the
Dawn Abriel: It just happens to be my daughter, she's a psycho therapist.
LG Stylo 4: In home.
Dawn Abriel: And I think
Dawn Abriel: I think your personalities will really be a match. She's
Dawn Abriel: Very, very talented and a hoot to be with so
LG Stylo 4: Yeah.
LG Stylo 4: That sounds great.
Dawn Abriel: You like her.
LG Stylo 4: I've never done group before, but I think that sounds really good. I mean, I tend to learn a lot from listening to people.
Dawn Abriel: It is good. And we know from the studies that are done on addiction that
Dawn Abriel: You know having some little white lady tell you something about your addiction is not as powerful as you talking with other people who have struggled with this issue.
Dawn Abriel: So right
Dawn Abriel: Um, it just, it just we invite people to cross talk a lot to ask each other so
Dawn Abriel: I'm going to put you on. I'm guessing that you're going to need at least one and a half strips of buprenorphine to to get you settled.
Dawn Abriel: What I recommend is that you take one strip today and you see you but you can't take it. If you took the medicine, this morning, you're going to have to wait 12 hours, you're going to have to
Dawn Abriel: Be in a line withdrawal.
Dawn Abriel: Before you can take buprenorphine or it'll slam you into
LG Stylo 4: Right.
Dawn Abriel: To withdraw.
LG Stylo 4: Right, right. As
Dawn Abriel: You're damaging your ace and so you're going to take
Dawn Abriel: A full strip tonight in in the morning, you're going to take one and a half strips. If that's too much medicine, you'll know that it's too much medicine because you will get drowsy and sleepy.
Dawn Abriel: In case back off. Yeah, don't take the other half, but you want to take all of your medicine. First thing in the morning, same time in the morning. If you can within an hour so
LG Stylo 4: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: But if you're not sleepy then continue the one and a half.
Dawn Abriel: Strips that's 12 milligrams and we'll talk about it on Tuesday. If you have any any any any problems of any kind. You go to the virtual clinic and you say, I'm, I'm in crisis, I need to talk to my therapist.
Dawn Abriel: Those people will get ahold of one of your
Dawn Abriel: You know my medicine all accidentally flushed down the toilet. I need to talk to the doc. Right, right. Anything to do with the medicine you want them to get ahold of me not.
LG Stylo 4: Okay.
LG Stylo 4: But obviously, I am going to be very careful with it. It's a very serious medication and I'll make sure it's not accessible by anyone else.
Dawn Abriel: Oh, absolutely. You want to keep it up, safe and away from other people, but especially, you don't want to like when you when you're going to start tapering you're going to be cutting it.
Dawn Abriel: And these oh yes that you're cut off.
Dawn Abriel: They will blow away if you sneeze or cough or breathe hard
Dawn Abriel: Right. Can't standing over the sink.
Dawn Abriel: You can't be staying in the toilet.
Dawn Abriel: I say that from experience, right.
LG Stylo 4: Yeah yeah
LG Stylo 4: No doubt. I mean, probably better to like spread something out in a room with, you know, no windows open and just
LG Stylo 4: Carefully back up.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, and
Dawn Abriel: When you go to the pharmacy to pick it up. Pick up a little contact lens case.
Dawn Abriel: Because you're gonna be pretty little pieces in that contact lens case.
LG Stylo 4: You might have
LG Stylo 4: A smart idea. Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, I need to order your medicine before a group starts at 11 so it was wonderful meeting you. I look forward to working with you.
LG Stylo 4: And I'll see you on Tuesday. As
LG Stylo 4: That's okay. So thank you so much. I'll talk to you soon.
You bet.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, if you will fill in the bubbles and for assessment, we will put
Dawn Abriel: Nicotine the can.
Dawn Abriel: Marijuana
Dawn Abriel: Dependence and ghd
Dawn Abriel: generalized anxiety disorder.
Dawn Abriel: And you'll fill in the bubbles and all is right with the world.